Fix invalid assertion issues grouping (#537)
getsentry/sentry-unreal: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixes

> - Fix invalid assertion issues grouping ([#537](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/537))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The SDK now correctly captures and groups Assertions ([#537](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/537))
```

Reviewer: But this almost feels like a feature to me.
